all right let me tell you what we read I
have to find a music teacher this music
piece is very important here at you prep
music is an important part in the lives
of the boy's ear and I want to make sure
you know we could just grow with this so
I gotta find a music teacher I gotta
find a good music teacher Joe do we have
anybody mr. Munna we have three
candidates for the music position I'll
send the first one in okay come on in
todo de ba the Bob you know saying I say
your knees are my duty gear that dude in
beauty da goddamn i Coupe girl man and
oh fuck which down not just about here I
come I aguda drafting until I can just
pay tonight i buy more with Bob okay my
coop gonna matter da fam right I got
there right there right y'all got the
coward up for that what's your name we
don't know why you're gonna coach a good
oh man they never throws on doble cut
your girl know you're pretty badly that
about every I mean I'm fucking this
yarder turtle power up to jae bum Jada
doonayo chance to check good luck to you
have a good life oh good I guess I'll
see you and I'll try get this butler's i
dobut side bet faith that may see the
peace hi he's so touchy
miss Jill yeah the two chain leave bring
me the next one are you sure bring the
next candidate in next candidate yah yah
yah yah yah yah yah yah that looking
forward I'm do the tick-tock what is
your name what's the rise of their not
play now groove when biggie ah hello
Peter letter what I got away and away to
the whole middle of everything every day
they go bust of what what's the RAF what
planet did you come from okay from the
fifth planet from beneath the earth cuz
I'm upcoming doing that little box then
I get the job for what nice talking you
better go okay nice meeting miss Jill
yeah do you have anyone sane ready to
come in I'm really not sure but we have
one more guy sitting out here I'll send
a bit I get your own app like crap but
now I who are you I'm gonna I'm gonna
watch around diesel the question is who
are you that question what ready van get
him out of here okay Oh pull ain't your
boat be what oh no then I'm trying to
get me a job yeah yeah let me tell you
who they are yeah come on Daniel owner
what your man get me out get out I
cannot use em okay
miss Jill yeah I've been in this
business 40 years I've never seen
anything like this don't bring me
another insane candidate bring me
someone normal do you ever same
candidate I'll go back to my computer
and look at the list that what you want
me to do yeah find someone that's normal
go hello everyone I was up good morning
come on go to sing it eats it you guys
looking for a music teacher yes yes I'm
going to ask you three questions okay
this will be brief okay question number
one do you know a gentleman by the name
of cha cha na no good second question do
you know a gentleman by the name of
busta rhymes no I mean we're me where
you go with these last question do you
happen to know a wild gentleman by the
name of jerome i got an uncle named
jerome but i don't know if you don't
think that a while looking guy by the
name of your own nothing congratulations
you got the job really you got the job
does that that's it okay i have my
seventh and eighth seventh eighth the
ninth graders in the gym right now let's
go over there show me what you're at
right now right now guess a little
different what I'm used to that okay
let's go
this is the man I see what's going on
man welcome to you prep man we've got a
big job okay we're done will its sale we
got a big music program that we've got
to build all the students waiting for us
in the gym right now waiting for that's
right out you got a good time said let's
go do this right let's go
you